welcome to the man of recaps this is
iron fist season two
danny rand is back defending the streets
of chinatown with his super sweet kung
fu skills
and his glowing iron fist bam things are
going great with his girlfriend colleen
wing you know what they say
the couple that beats up triads together
stays together she's actually trying to
do less karate these days help out the
community in non-violent ways
specifically she's trying to reach this
one gang of ruffians but they think they
know better they like the street life
now danny is still technically a
billionaire he owns 51
of the rant corporation but he doesn't
even try to run the business anymore
which is much appreciated by his friend
and partner ward meacham but ward's
sister joy meacham is really mad at her
brother and danny i think because they
killed her secretly alive evil undead
dad
in fact to get revenge she's teamed up
with davos danny's kung fu friend who he
had a big falling out with last season
dallas is mad at danny for abandoning
his post and letting kunlun get
destroyed it's like yeah bro my bad but
more than that davos thinks that he
deserves the iron fist back in the big
ceremonial fight that determined which
of them was worthy danny cheated walk
dabbles into the sun oh
cheap move bro one day danny meets mary
a real nice small town girl who's new to
new york but kind of gets a huge crush
on danny but there's something about
mary she leaves herself weird notes and
when there's running water freaks out
yes she has a split personality this one
goes by her last name walker and is a
badass mercenary
hired by davis and joy walker is a top
tier fighter manages to tranq danny
brings him to davos doing a weird
ceremony where they drain danny's blood
use it as tattoo ink to give davos his
own badass dragon tattoo and oh
it transferred the iron fist to davos
his glow's red
he goes on a rampage he believes the
iron fist was meant to be used to
mercilessly kill anyone who's even
remotely bad
danny's out of commission for a bit so
colleen's like yo you rest boo i got
this
she teams up with her friend detective
misty knight and the burden of carrying
the show is on these two for a bit
pretty soon they catch walker and she's
like no hard feelings danny it was just
a job he's like well then can i hire you
to help me take out davos and so they do
that but it doesn't work and davos
shatters dany's leg
just then it starts raining which turns
walker back into mary and she's like oh
hey danny why am i all wet so now with a
shattered leg danny finds himself
sidelined in his own show
again meanwhile davos has recruited the
young delinquents and starts teaching
them karate cobra kai style
davos thinks he's the hero cleaning up
the city the way danny never did but
davos is a really strict judge of who
counts as a bad guy around this time
join me jim realizes he's a psychopath
then she feels kind of bad about taking
away danny's glowy fist so joy stays
undercover with davos still one day she
can convince the good kid to steal the
magic ceremony bowl but when davos finds
out oh
pushes her off the balcony luckily she
survives and even though she's been
unreasonably mean to her brother ward
all season he still hires mary to help
rescue her because he cares about his
sister ward is trying to be a better
person in general this season joining
narcotics anonymous he is banging his
sponsor though which is generally a
no-no
in fact he knocks her up she's pregnant
but she's like ward you gotta figure
yourself out before you can be a father
also mary and walker finally talk and
they realize when they broke out of the
pow camp and killed like 100 guys it
wasn't either of them she's got an even
scarier third personality
meanwhile danny's trying to do karate
with the shattered leg which does not
work but sensei colleen is here to help
and somehow with her training his broken
leg's totally healed but now he's like
yo colleen you've done a great job
carrying the show while i was injured
when we get the iron fist back you
should take it so the good kid brings
them the magic bowl but his friends kill
him for betraying them which sends
colleen into a rage she beats up all
these teenagers meanwhile inside it's
broken leg versus iron fist and somehow
dany wins manages to drink him so now
with his blood they do the magic tattoo
ceremony and colleen opted for a sleeve
instead of a full back and indeed now
colleen has the white iron fist but they
didn't complete the ritual davos still
has a fist too they switch locations for
the final final fight iron fist
walker's there too ward and joy hired
her to kill davos and it's like good so
we're on the same side
yeah i guess but for some reason she and
danny have a katana fight in the end
he's got to chop the water pipe which
turns her back into mary and it's like
oh hi danny why am i always wet when we
meet mary i keep telling you i got a
girlfriend meanwhile outside it's the
iron fist
fight blam exploded eventually colleen
finishes the ceremony takes dallas's
fist away and
boom she defeats him the day is saved
but now danny's like yo girl i gotta
travel the world and find out who i am
without the iron fist so these two kind
of break up he goes to ward like hey man
want to take the private jet on a
finding yourself bro vacation in asia
with me it's like sure why not with
danny out of town misty pitches colleen
on a daughter's of the dragon spin-off
series
in fact colleen has subplot this season
researching her family's history her
great great grandmother was apparently
some pirate queen but also maybe the
original iron fist
yes the back of her family crest is the
kunlun dragon how'd i never flip that
over before and so in the epilogue
colleen wing is the white iron fist
that lights up her whole katana okay
that's cool meanwhile ward and danny are
apparently doing a bar crawl of asia
they're on some random adventure and as
part of that danny's now sporting double
pistols
that glow with iron fist power so in
case this version of the character ever
comes back to the mcu watch out for that
and that's where iron fist season 2
comes to an end
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tvn movies and if you loved
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member